c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\bin\Debug\MySchool2.xr.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\bin\Debug\MySchool2.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\bin\Debug\MySchool2.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\bin\Debug\MySchool2.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\MySchool2.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\MySchool2.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\bin\Debug\FirstPage.xbf
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\FirstPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\FirstPage.g.cs
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\FirstPage.xaml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\FirstPage.xbf
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\bin\Debug\App.xbf
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\bin\Debug\FirstPage.xbf
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\bin\Debug\MySchool2.xr.xml
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\bin\Debug\MySchool2.exe
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\bin\Debug\MySchool2.pdb
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\bin\Debug\resources.pri
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\FirstPage.g.i.cs
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\FirstPage.g.cs
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\App.xaml
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\FirstPage.xaml
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\App.xbf
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\FirstPage.xbf
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\MySchool2.exe
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\MySchool2.pdb
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
E:\MySchool2\MySchool2\bin\Debug\MySchool2.build.appxrecipe
